docs: deployment guide with zephyr cloud for Re.Pack (#1043)
callstack/repack: website/src/latest/docs/guides/deploy.mdx

# Deployment 

Re.Pack supports deploying your React Native Applications with MiniApps to [Zephyr Cloud](https://zephyr-cloud.io) by `zephyr-repack-plugin` by adding one line of code in your build configuration file - whether you're using [Rspack](https://rspack.dev) or [webpack](https://webpack.js.org) - you can seemlessly integrate deployment into your workflow. 

Zephyr Cloud is an orchestration platform for instant deployment of Web and Cross-platform applications. You can bring your own cloud provider, or use Zephyr Cloud's hosted service. Read more about [supported cloud providers](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io/cloud).

> When you are using `zephyr-repack-plugin` with a React Native project with MiniApps, Zephyr automatically handles deploying and resolving to the correct remote application without modifying build configuration files (as in you can keep the `remoteEntry` as `MobileCart@https://localhost:8080/mf-manifest.json`).

Reviewer: lets put this into paragraph called About Zephyr Cloud

Author: https://github.com/callstack/repack/pull/1043/commits/23331b0e6474a62984439651466f04a10f85ec10

## Prerequisites

> 1. We assume you have a React Native project with MiniApps ready. If not, you can follow the [Quick start guide](/getting-started/quick-start) from Repack docs or use the bootstrap CLI provided by Zephyr Cloud by running `create-zephyr-apps` and select `React Native` as the framework. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We assume you have a React Native project with MiniApps ready. If not, you can follow the [Quick start guide](/getting-started/quick-start) from Re.Pack docs or use the bootstrap CLI provided by Zephyr Cloud by running `create-zephyr-apps` and select `React Native` as the framework. 
```

Author: https://github.com/callstack/repack/pull/1043/commits/87a620e709ac412fb6c5a1fe6ee587eb75c313c7

```bash 
npx create-zephyr-apps@latest
```

2. A Zephyr Cloud account: sign up at [Zephyr Cloud](https://app.zephyr-cloud.io?ref=repack) if you haven't already. 
3. node >= 20 

> 4. ruby >= 3.2

Reviewer: skip

Author: https://github.com/callstack/repack/pull/1043/commits/a4a640b8d392065f8b5b5779785bcc395bf63e6b

> :::info 

Reviewer: add tittle here for the block please, makes it look much better 👍

Author: https://github.com/callstack/repack/pull/1043/commits/a4a640b8d392065f8b5b5779785bcc395bf63e6b

For more details related to `create-zephyr-apps` CLI, please refer to the [Zephyr Cloud's documentation for React Native, Re.Pack and Module Federation](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io/recipes/repack-mf).

:::

## Deploy to Zephyr Cloud

When enabled, your MiniApps are deployed to Zephyr Cloud automatically whenever you build, or devevelopment server is running on your project. A deploy URL would be generated in your terminal as shown below: 

> ![Zephyr Cloud React Native Deploy URL](../images/repack-deploy-url.png)

Reviewer: prefer absolute links

Author: https://github.com/callstack/repack/pull/1043/commits/cfdcd27be3eeeb50e24293b6bbb8ca0db878c984

### Expected behavior 

If you click on the deploy URL, you will see this image: 

> ![Asset not found](../images/asset-not-found.png)

Reviewer: prefer absolute links

Author: https://github.com/callstack/repack/pull/1043/commits/cfdcd27be3eeeb50e24293b6bbb8ca0db878c984

This is expected behavior as MiniApps on React Native doesn't have a default root `index.html` file. However, you can inspect whether any thing was deployed by adding the suffix `/mf-manifest.json` at the end of the URL to see if the manifest file exists (will be improved in the recent future). 

| URL | Manifest file |
| --- | --- |
| `https://<your-deploy-url>.com`| `https://<your-deploy-url>.com/mf-manifest.json` |

The deploy URL is instantly sharable, available and able to be used, or auto-resolved by Zephyr Cloud when have a MiniApp in your Host App. [Read more about deploying, managing federated application with Zephyr Cloud](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io/how-to/mf-guide).

## Learn more about Zephyr Cloud

- [Website](https://zephyr-cloud.io)
- [Documentation](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io)
- [Discord](https://zephyr-cloud.io/discord)
- [Twitter](https://zephyr-cloud.io/twitter)
- [YouTube](https://zephyr-cloud.io/youtube)

> 

Reviewer: lets put this into a green tip block, like in quick-start or migration from metro 👍

Author: https://github.com/callstack/repack/pull/1043/commits/91e1865fbca69ab2b47b66646a5f83a7724c008a

import { PackageManagerTabs } from 'rspress/theme';

# Deployment 

## Zephyr Cloud Integration

> Re.Pack supports deploying your React Native Applications with MiniApps to [Zephyr Cloud](https://zephyr-cloud.io) by `zephyr-repack-plugin` by adding one line of code in your build configuration file - whether you're using [Rspack](https://rspack.dev) or [webpack](https://webpack.js.org) - you can seemlessly integrate deployment into your workflow. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Re.Pack supports deploying your React Native Applications with MiniApps to [Zephyr Cloud](https://zephyr-cloud.io) with `zephyr-repack-plugin` by adding one line of code in your build configuration file - whether you're using [Rspack](https://rspack.dev) or [webpack](https://webpack.js.org) - you can seemlessly integrate deployment into your workflow. 
```

## About Zephyr Cloud
Zephyr Cloud is an orchestration platform for instant deployment of Web and Cross-platform applications. You can bring your own cloud provider, or use Zephyr Cloud's hosted service. Read more about [supported cloud providers](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io/cloud).

> When you are using `zephyr-repack-plugin` with a React Native project with MiniApps, Zephyr automatically handles deploying and resolving to the correct remote application without modifying build configuration files (as in you can keep the `remoteEntry` as `MobileCart@https://localhost:8080/mf-manifest.json` without additional changes on each deployment).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you are using `zephyr-repack-plugin` with a React Native project with MiniApps, Zephyr automatically handles deploying and resolving to the correct remote application without modifying build configuration files (you can keep the `remoteEntry` as `MobileCart@https://localhost:8080/mf-manifest.json` without additional changes on each deployment).
```

```bash 
npx create-zephyr-apps@latest
```
2. A Zephyr Cloud account: sign up at [Zephyr Cloud](https://app.zephyr-cloud.io?ref=repack) if you haven't already. 

:::info title="Related docs"

For more details related to `create-zephyr-apps` CLI, please refer to the [Zephyr Cloud's documentation for React Native, Re.Pack and Module Federation](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io/recipes/repack-mf).

You can also read more about deployment, concepts and best practices about how to use Zephyr Cloud in their [documentation](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io).

:::

## Configuration 

Install plugin by running: 

<PackageManagerTabs command={{
  npm: 'npm install zephyr-repack-plugin@latest',
  yarn: 'yarn add zephyr-repack-plugin@latest',
  pnpm: 'pnpm add zephyr-repack-plugin@latest',
  bun: 'bun add zephyr-repack-plugin@latest',
}} />

And wrapping your build configuration with the plugin: 

```js
const { withZephyr } = require('zephyr-repack-plugin');

module.exports = withZephyr({
  // your build configuration
});
```

> For more details about configuration, please refer to [configuration guide](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io/recipes/repack-mf#modify-thehostapp) on Zephyr Cloud's documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details about configuration, please refer to the [configuration guide](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io/recipes/repack-mf#modify-thehostapp) on Zephyr Cloud's documentation.
```

## Deploy to Zephyr Cloud

> When enabled, your MiniApps are deployed to Zephyr Cloud automatically whenever you build, or devevelopment server is running on your project. A deploy URL would be generated in your terminal as shown below: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When enabled, your MiniApps are deployed to Zephyr Cloud automatically whenever you build, or when the development server is running on your project. A deploy URL will be generated in your terminal as shown below: 
```

![Zephyr Cloud React Native Deploy URL](/img/repack-deploy-url.png)

### Expected behavior 

If you click on the deploy URL, you will see this image: 

![Asset not found](/img/asset-not-found.png)

> This is expected behavior as MiniApps on React Native doesn't have a default root `index.html` file. However, you can inspect whether any thing was deployed by adding the suffix `/mf-manifest.json` at the end of the URL to see if the manifest file exists (will be improved in the recent future). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is expected behavior as MiniApps on React Native doesn't have a default root `index.html` file.

However, you can inspect whether anything was deployed by adding the suffix `/mf-manifest.json` at the end of the URL to see if the manifest file exists (this behaviour will be improved soon). 
```

| URL | Manifest file |
| --- | --- |
| `https://<your-deploy-url>.com`| `https://<your-deploy-url>.com/mf-manifest.json` |

> The deploy URL is instantly sharable, available and able to be used, or auto-resolved by Zephyr Cloud when have a MiniApp in your Host App. [Read more about deploying, managing federated application with Zephyr Cloud](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io/how-to/mf-guide).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The deploy URL is instantly sharable, available and able to be used, or auto-resolved by Zephyr Cloud when you  have a MiniApp in your Host App. [Read more about deploying, managing federated application with Zephyr Cloud](https://docs.zephyr-cloud.io/how-to/mf-guide).
```
